[ET-953] fix multiple providers (#1876)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

= [5.0.4] TBD =

* Tweak - Added admin notice when editing an Events Calendar Pro recurring event having tickets in classic editor. [ET-949]

> * Fix - Detect ticket provider(s) by correctly excluding RSVP. [ET-953]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Exclude the "RSVP" ticket provider from the Providers list in the Block Editor for Tickets, since RSVPs have their own block already. [ET-953]
```
